# rebase

Rebase is a set of libraries used to create, generate, and cryptographically sign verifiable credentials. Rebase is written in Rust with WASM as the primary compilation target allowing for usage in the browser, server, and any platform WASM is supported.

`rebase/schema`: Schemas of LD credentials used by Rebase libraries.

`rebase/lib/rust`: Source code libraries Rebase exposes for calling applications to use.

`rebase/lib/npm`: NPM modules wrapping the WASM output of the `rust` libraries.

`rebase/lib/rust/credential`: Abstraction over credentials which defines a `Credential` as a datastructure. All `Credential`s have a corresponding `Subject`, and possess a function from `Subject` to `UnsignedCredential`, as well as a fuction from `UnsignedCredential` + `SigningKey` to `Credential`.

`rebase/lib/rust/signer`: Abstraction over cryptographic signing keys used in front-end applications. Includes concrete implementations of Tezos and Ethereum. Mixed and matched with `credential` to produce different flows.

`rebase/lib/rust/witness`: Abstraction and concrete implementation of `WitnessCredential`, a credential generated by witnessed public ownership. Each `WitnessCredential` has associated structures, `Subject`, `Post`, and `PostLocation`; a function from `Subject` to `UnpublishedPost`; an optional function from `UnpublishedPost` to `Post`; A function from `Post` to `PostLocation`; and a function from `PostLocation` to `Result<UnsignedCredential>`.

With these functions in place, callers of the library can develop clients that produce and make posts and services which take post locations and generate credentials off of the information they find there. Such a flow is used in Tezos Profiles.

`rebase/sdk`: An initial, historical approach to Rebase. Will be divided and moved into `rebase/lib` as needed.