# Overview

This document describes the needed secrets to be set in order to operate the with CloudFlare Witness/Issuer service contained here. These secrets are most easily set using [wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/get-started/) via the process [described here](https://blog.cloudflare.com/workers-secrets-environment/).

**NOTE:** All secrets must be set, but setting them to an empty string will cause them to be passed over in configuration. 

# Required for All Flows:
## REBASE_SK
The `REBASE_SK` secret should be the JSON stringified version of an ED25519 JWK Secret Key. Such a key can be generated following the [instructions given here](https://www.spruceid.dev/didkit/didkit-examples/did-web-in-minutes).

## DID_WEB
The `DID_WEB` secret should be a [did:web](https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-method-web/) identifier following the format `did:web:<URL_HOST_OF_REBASE_PUBLIC_KEY>`. This corresponds directly to `REBASE_SK` being the public key DID document that pairs with the secret JWK. 

For example, if the `DID_WEB` were set to `did:web:example.com`, it would be expected that visiting `example.com/.well-known/did.json` would resolve to a DID Web JSON object usable with `REBASE_SK`'s JWK. 

The [instructions linked earlier](https://www.spruceid.dev/didkit/didkit-examples/did-web-in-minutes) show how to create this document after creating the secret key JWK.

# Requirements for Credential Flows

## DNS flow.

There are no secrets required to configure the DNS flow.

## Email flow.

The Email flow is currently limited to a SendGrid API based flow and has several required secretes to be set:

#### SENDGRID_BEARER_TOKEN
The `SENDGRID_BEARER_TOKEN` secret is an API token for use with the SendGrid API, generated by using the SendGrid API Dashboard.

#### SENDGRID_FROM_ADDRESS
The `SENDGRID_FROM_ADDRESS` secret is the email address from which the challenge will be sent, it should correspond to a controlled address/domain under the SendGrid account which generated the `SENDGRID_BEARER_TOKEN`.

#### SENDGRID_FROM_NAME
The `SENDGRID_FROM_NAME` secret is the name that will appear as the owner of the `SENDGRID_FROM_ADDRESS` in the UI of email clients.

#### SENDGRID_SUBJECT_NAME
The `SENDGRID_SUBJECT_NAME` is the name of the service as displayed in the subject of the challenge email. This subject is generated as `format!("Verifying ownership of {} {} for {}`, subject_type, subject_id, SENDGRID_SUBJECT_NAME)`.

#### SENDGRID_MAX_ELAPSED_MINS
The `SENDGRID_MAX_ELAPSED_MINS` is a number set to something greater than 0. It represents how many minutes can ellapse from the email challenge being sent and the end-user pasting it back before the witness considers the challenge expired. If set to not a number, a negative number, or 0 it will error out.

## GitHub Flow

### GITHUB_USER_AGENT (GitHub Flow)
The `GITHUB_USER_AGENT` secret will be the user agent sent to GitHub when querying it's public API.

## NFT Ownership Flow

NOTE: The NFT Ownership route is not in a complete state and will encounter breaking changes before final release, use in production at your own peril!
### ALCHEMY_API_KEY (NFT Ownership Flow)
The `ALCHEMY_API_KEY` secret will be used to access the alchemy api for querying about NFT ownership. An API key can be gained by signing up [here](https://docs.alchemy.com/reference/api-overview).

### ALCHEMY_MAX_ELAPSED_MINS
The `ALCHEMY_MAX_ELAPSED_MINS` is a number set to something greater than 0. It represents how many minutes can ellapse from the email challenge being sent and the end-user pasting it back before the witness considers the challenge expired. If set to not a number, a negative number, or 0 it will error out.
## Twitter Flow
### TWITTER_BEARER_TOKEN (Twitter Flow)
The `TWITTER_BEARER_TOKEN` is the bearer token given from Twitter to the application developer using the [Twitter API](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-api) and will be used (as described [here](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/authentication/oauth-2-0/bearer-tokens)) when querying the API.

## Reddit Flow

No secrets are required to configure the Reddit flow.

## SameController Flow

No secrets are required to configure the Same flow.

## SoundCloud Flow
### SOUNDCLOUD_CLIENT_ID (SoundCloud Flow)
The `SOUNDCLOUD_CLIENT_ID` secret is the client id used in the SoundCloud v2 API, this can be discovered by any logged in SoundCloud user following the directions [outlined here](https://stackoverflow.com/a/54174507).

### SOUNDCLOUD_LIMIT (SoundCloud Flow)
The `SOUNDCLOUD_LIMIT` secret is the number of search results returned per query of the SoundCloud user search. Must be between an integer between 0 and 201 (exclusive, inclusive 1 through 200). Suggested to be set to 100.

### SOUNDCLOUD_MAX_OFFSET (SoundCloud Flow)
The `SOUNDCLOUD_MAX_OFFSET` number of search results to try before giving up (the total tested will be `SOUNDCLOUD_MAX_OFFSET` + `SOUNDCLOUD_LIMIT`, since it starts at 0). `SOUNDCLOUD_MAX_OFFSET` + `SOUNDCLOUD_LIMIT` must be less than or equal to 10k. Suggested to be set to 900.